docs/getting_started/installation.rst, before:

Installation
============

From PyPi
---------

The preferred way to install ``dtaianomaly`` is through `PyPI <https://pypi.org/project/dtaianomaly/>`_.
Use the following command to install the latest version:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install dtaianomaly

Some dependencies are optional to ensure that ``dtaianomaly`` remains
lightweight. Use the following command to install all optional
dependencies:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install dtaianomaly[all]

It is also possible to only install a subset of the optional dependencies.
You can install these by replacing 'all' with the corresponding name in the
command above. To install multiple subsets, separate the names with a comma.
Currently, following subsets are available:

- ``tests``: Dependencies for running the tests.
- ``tqdm``: Install TQDM (for showing ``WorkFlow``-progress)
- ``docs``: Dependencies for generating the documentation.
- ``notebooks``: Dependencies for using jupyter notebooks.
- ``lint``: Dependencies for linting the code.

To install version ``X.Y.Z``, use the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install dtaianomaly==X.Y.Z


From GitHub
-----------

It is also possible to install ``dtaianomaly`` directly from `GitHub`_:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install git+https://github.com/ML-KULeuven/dtaianomaly

Note that this will install the latest, *unreleased* version. Similarly as installation
through PyPi, it is also possible to install version ``X.Y.Z`` as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install git+https://github.com/ML-KULeuven/dtaianomaly@X.Y.Z

See the `release page <https://github.com/ML-KULeuven/dtaianomaly/releases>`_
for more information regarding the different versions.


From source
-----------

Finally, it is also possible to install ``dtaianomaly`` from the source code. First
download the source from `GitHub`_.
It is also possible to download the source code for a specific release on
`this webpage <https://github.com/ML-KULeuven/dtaianomaly/releases>`_.
Unzip the files, and navigate to the root directory of the repository in the terminal.
Then, ``dtaianomaly`` can be installed through the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install .

.. _GitHub: https://github.com/ML-KULeuven/dtaianomaly

Commit message:

Add more detectors (#129)
* feat: Implement Polynomial anomaly detector (#43)

Signed-off-by: LouisCarpentier42 <louis.carpentier@kuleuven.be>

* fix: Updated optional dependencies in pyproject.toml

Signed-off-by: LouisCarpentier42 <louis.carpentier@kuleuven.be>

* test: Update test_detectors.py for LocalPolynomialApproximation

Signed-off-by: LouisCarpentier42 <louis.carpentier@kuleuven.be>

* feat: Implement UCRScore

Signed-off-by: LouisCarpentier42 <louis.carpentier@kuleuven.be>

* feat: Implement ChronosAnomalyDetector

Signed-off-by: LouisCarpentier42 <louis.carpentier@kuleuven.be>

* test: ChronosAnomalyDetector

Signed-off-by: LouisCarpentier42 <louis.carpentier@kuleuven.be>

* fix: remove doc-testing in ChronosAnomalyDetector

Signed-off-by: LouisCarpentier42 <louis.carpentier@kuleuven.be>

* doc: added warning of optional dependency for Chronos

Signed-off-by: LouisCarpentier42 <louis.carpentier@kuleuven.be>

* doc: Removed reference from DWT_MLEAD

Signed-off-by: LouisCarpentier42 <louis.carpentier@kuleuven.be>

* feat: Implement Spectral Residual

Signed-off-by: LouisCarpentier42 <louis.carpentier@kuleuven.be>

* feat: Implement MOMENT

Signed-off-by: LouisCarpentier42 <louis.carpentier@kuleuven.be>

* feat: Implement Time-MoE

Signed-off-by: LouisCarpentier42 <louis.carpentier@kuleuven.be>

* test: Test Time-MoE

Signed-off-by: LouisCarpentier42 <louis.carpentier@kuleuven.be>

* feat: Implement RobustRandomCutForestAnomalyDetector

Signed-off-by: LouisCarpentier42 <louis.carpentier@kuleuven.be>

* fix: Update install dependencies for workflows

Signed-off-by: LouisCarpentier42 <louis.carpentier@kuleuven.be>

* fix: Skip doctest of foundation models

Signed-off-by: LouisCarpentier42 <louis.carpentier@kuleuven.be>

---------

Signed-off-by: LouisCarpentier42 <louis.carpentier@kuleuven.be>

docs/getting_started/installation.rst, after:

Installation
============

From PyPi
---------

The preferred way to install ``dtaianomaly`` is through `PyPI <https://pypi.org/project/dtaianomaly/>`_.
Use the following command to install the latest version:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install dtaianomaly

Some dependencies are optional to ensure that ``dtaianomaly`` remains
lightweight. Use the following command to install all optional
dependencies:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install dtaianomaly[all]

It is also possible to only install a subset of the optional dependencies.
You can install these by replacing 'all' with the corresponding name in the
command above. To install multiple subsets, separate the names with a comma.
Currently, following subsets are available:

- ``tests``: Dependencies for running the tests.
- ``tqdm``: Install TQDM (for showing ``WorkFlow``-progress)
- ``docs``: Dependencies for generating the documentation.
- ``notebooks``: Dependencies for using jupyter notebooks.
- ``lint``: Dependencies for linting the code.
- ``chronos``: Install autogluon.timeseries, necessary for running Chronos.
- ``moment``: Install momentfm, necessary for running Chronos. **Warning:** Not included when
  installing ``dtaianomaly[all]`` due to dependency conflicts!
- ``time_moe``: Install transformers==4.40.1, necessary for running MOMENT.

To install version ``X.Y.Z``, use the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install dtaianomaly==X.Y.Z


From GitHub
-----------

It is also possible to install ``dtaianomaly`` directly from `GitHub`_:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install git+https://github.com/ML-KULeuven/dtaianomaly

Note that this will install the latest, *unreleased* version. Similarly as installation
through PyPi, it is also possible to install version ``X.Y.Z`` as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install git+https://github.com/ML-KULeuven/dtaianomaly@X.Y.Z

See the `release page <https://github.com/ML-KULeuven/dtaianomaly/releases>`_
for more information regarding the different versions.


From source
-----------

Finally, it is also possible to install ``dtaianomaly`` from the source code. First
download the source from `GitHub`_.
It is also possible to download the source code for a specific release on
`this webpage <https://github.com/ML-KULeuven/dtaianomaly/releases>`_.
Unzip the files, and navigate to the root directory of the repository in the terminal.
Then, ``dtaianomaly`` can be installed through the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install .

.. _GitHub: https://github.com/ML-KULeuven/dtaianomaly
